RHIDP-1037: Creating RN for RHDH 1.1 (#79)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: getting-started/proc-add-source-control-rhdh-catalog.adoc

        githubOrg:
          default:
            id: production
            githubUrl: "https://github.com"

>             orgs: [ "${GITHUB_ORG}" ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            orgs: [ "${GITHUB_ORG}" ] # <1>
```
For more information please see: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#callouts-in-code-blocks

    ...
----

> In the previous code, replace `${GITHUB_ORG}` with the GitHub organization you want to ingest users from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Replace `${GITHUB_ORG}` with the GitHub organization you want to ingest users from.
```
